---
title: "Please, take action and promote this message everywhere."
id: 216
date: 2009-09-24T19:03:25
section: "Ολυμπος"
category: "Αρθρογραφία"
published: true
---

# Please, take action and promote this message everywhere.
Dear friends, those of you who are fond of nature and the historical greek environment, and those of you who have only received this message and have somehow heard about Olympus, please: read the message visit the website of the Voluntary Action of Pieria's Prefecture sign the petition concerning the enactment of protective measures on the Mountain of Gods promote the message everywhere, both in Greece and abroad. The Voluntary Action of Pieria's Prefecture has commenced a new campaign, which is the gathering of electronic votes, having as its utmost goal the immediate extension of the boundaries of the National Forest of Olympus. Unfortunately, Olympus is not legally protected as it should be. According to the decree of 1938, it is protected only in a limited range of 38.500 square meters (that is, part of the mountain peaks and the eastern slope). From 1985 up until today, though various procedures involving the expansion of this protection are in progress, any relevant projects that have been put forward never acquired legal status. The most recent of these projects, called Special Environmental Project, is attempting to expand the boundaries of the National Forest to 238.000 square meters, nevertheless it has been left in the drawers of the greek bureaucracy. Part of our campaign is to put pressure on the next ministers of the Ministries of Culture and Environment along with thousands of signatures, on the very first day of their taking on their duties with the new government. The Presidential Decree which will upgrade and expand the protective status of Olympus must be carried out and promoted immediately! Please, take action and promote this message everywhere. Please, do not be indifferent! Sign here now: http://www.medialoom.net/TOPOS/index.php?option=com_wrapper&Itemid=77 If you have any questions, do not hesitate to ask. If you disagree, tell us the reasons! If you would like to propose any new ideas, the members of the Voluntary Action of Pieria's Prefecture are more than willing to listen to you. Last but not least, we would like to inform you that this campaign has nothing to do with the coming elections or political parties. Unfortunately they happen to take place at the same time. Best regards, On behalf of the Voluntary Action of Pieria's Prefecture, Elias Tsolakidis
